SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 28 (#11408)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/advanced/how-to-set-pen-width-and-alignment.md

  
-   Set the value of the <xref:System.Drawing.Pen.Alignment%2A> property to <xref:System.Drawing.Drawing2D.PenAlignment.Center> (the default) to specify that pixels drawn with the green pen will be centered on the theoretical line. The following illustration shows the resulting line.  
  

>      ![Illustration showing green pixels centered on line.](./media/how-to-set-pen-width-and-alignment/green-pixels-centered-line.gif)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ![A black thin line with green highlight.](./media/how-to-set-pen-width-and-alignment/green-pixels-centered-line.gif)  
```

>      The following illustration shows the resulting rectangle.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The following illustration shows the resulting rectangle:
```

>      ![Illustration showing green pixels centered on a rectangle.](./media/how-to-set-pen-width-and-alignment/green-pixels-centered-rectangle.gif)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ![A rectangle drawn with black thin lines with green highlight.](./media/how-to-set-pen-width-and-alignment/green-pixels-centered-rectangle.gif)  
```

>      Now the pixels in the wide green line appear on the inside of the rectangle as shown in the following illustration.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Now the pixels in the wide green line appear on the inside of the rectangle as shown in the following illustration:
```

>      ![Illustration showing green pixels inside a rectangle.](./media/how-to-set-pen-width-and-alignment/green-pixels-inside-rectangle.gif)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ![A rectangle drawn with black lines with the wide green line inside.](./media/how-to-set-pen-width-and-alignment/green-pixels-inside-rectangle.gif)  
```
